W-18449736-Microsoft-Dynamics-Nav-3.0.0-KS (#2897)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: microsoft-dynamics-nav/3.0/modules/ROOT/pages/ms-dynamics-nav-connector-reference.adoc

> = Microsoft Dynamics NAV Connector 2.1 Reference - Mule 4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Microsoft Dynamics NAV Connector 3.0 Reference - Mule 4
```

:page-aliases: connectors::ms-dynamics/ms-dynamics-nav-connector-reference.adoc

Release Notes: xref:release-notes::connector/ms-dynamics-nav-connector-release-notes-mule-4.adoc[Microsoft Dynamics NAV Connector Release Notes]

== Limitations

> * Microsoft Dynamics NAV Connector isn't supported in CloudHub 2.0 because the underlying CXF library requires a JDK to generate schema classes. To support Microsoft Dynamics NAV Connector in CloudHub 2.0, the client must provide SOAP requests in raw XML format instead of using plain old java object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Microsoft Dynamics NAV Connector isn't supported in CloudHub 2.0 because the underlying CXF library requires a JDK to generate schema classes. To support Microsoft Dynamics NAV Connector in CloudHub 2.0, the client must provide SOAP requests in raw XML format instead of using Plain Old Java Objects (POJOs).
```

Reviewer: I'm confused, the first sentence says the connector isn't supported in CH2 but the next sentence says how to support the connector in CH2

> * Microsoft Dynamics NAV Connector isn't supported in CloudHub 2.0 because the underlying CXF library requires a JDK to generate schema classes. To support Microsoft Dynamics NAV Connector in CloudHub 2.0, the client must provide SOAP requests in raw XML format instead of using Plain Old Java Objects (POJOs).

Reviewer: Can you add a link to the Upgrade guide here? Like

For more information, refer to xref:ms-dynamics-nav-connector-upgrade-migrate.adoc[Upgrading and Migrating Microsoft Dynamics NAV Connector to Version 3.0].
